Clarified integration test intro (#10433)
flutter/website: src/content/cookbook/testing/integration/introduction.md

  4. Write the integration test.
  5. Run the integration test.

## Create a new app to test

Integration testing requires an app to test.
This example uses the built-in **Counter App** example
that Flutter produces when you run the `flutter create` command.
The counter app allows a user to tap on a button to increase a counter.

> 1. To create an instance of the built-in Flutter app,

Author: Yeah, it clunked, but I wasn't sure what else to use. The counter app is created whenever anyone runs `flutter create`, so I wasn't sure how else to put it. (I did consider asking the devs, but this seemed like an "OK" solution.)

> 1. To create an instance of the built-in Flutter app,

Reviewer: Yeah, it's definitely _not_ built in. I'd be ok with Andrew's suggestion, or just saying the "default counter app".

   run the following command in your terminal:

   ```console
   $ flutter create counter_app
   ```

1. Change into the `counter_app` directory.

1. Open `lib/main.dart` in your preferred IDE.

1. Add a `key` parameter to the `floatingActionButton()` widget

>    with a value of a `Key` class with a string of `increment`.

Author: 1. Agreed. I'll fix that.
2. As long as I can fix the test file reference to match, sure.

     Widget build(BuildContext context) {
       return Scaffold(
         appBar: AppBar(
           title: Text(widget.title),
         ),
         body: Center(
           child: Column(
             mainAxisAlignment: MainAxisAlignment.center,
             children: <Widget>[
               const Text(
                 'You have pushed the button this many times:',
               ),
               Text(
                 '$_counter',
                 style: Theme.of(context).textTheme.headlineMedium,
               ),
             ],
           ),
         ),
         floatingActionButton: FloatingActionButton(
           // Provide a Key to this button. This allows finding this
           // specific button inside the test suite, and tapping it.
           key: const Key('increment'),
           onPressed: _incrementCounter,
           tooltip: 'Increment',
           child: const Icon(Icons.add),
         ),
       );
     }
   }
   ```

## Add the `integration_test` dependency

You need to add the testing packages to your new app.

To add `integration_test` and `flutter_test` packages as
`dev_dependencies` using `sdk: flutter`, run following command.

```console

> $ flutter pub add 'dev:flutter_test:{"sdk":"flutter"}' \

Reviewer 2: Isn’t this already included by the default template? If you want this command to do something, creating an app using the Flutter empty template would make more sense?

   import 'package:integration_test/integration_test.dart';
   import 'package:introduction/main.dart';
   
   void main() {
     IntegrationTestWidgetsFlutterBinding.ensureInitialized();
   
     group('end-to-end test', () {
       testWidgets('tap on the floating action button, verify counter',
           (tester) async {
         // Load app widget.
         await tester.pumpWidget(const MyApp());
   
         // Verify the counter starts at 0.
         expect(find.text('0'), findsOneWidget);
   
         // Finds the floating action button to tap on.
         final fab = find.byKey(const Key('increment'));
   
         // Emulate a tap on the floating action button.
         await tester.tap(fab);
   
         // Trigger a frame.
         await tester.pumpAndSettle();
   
         // Verify the counter increments by 1.
         expect(find.text('1'), findsOneWidget);
       });
     });
   }
   ```

This example goes through three steps:

1. Initialize `IntegrationTestWidgetsFlutterBinding`.
   This singleton service executes tests on a physical device.
2. Interact and tests widgets using the `WidgetTester` class.
3. Test the important scenarios.

## Run integration tests

> The integration test runs vary depending on the platform on which you test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The integration tests that run vary depending on the platform on which you test.
```

    app_test.dart
```

## Write the integration test

> 1. Open your `integration_test/app_test.dart` file in your preferred IDE.

Author: This is per [Google Style](https://developers.google.com/style/code-in-text#grammatical-treatment-of-code-elements).

> 1. Open your `integration_test/app_test.dart` file in your preferred IDE.

Reviewer: I completely agree with Andrew here. In general, I try to avoid "your". I've been told that it can really mess up translation. Also, this sentence uses "your" TWICE, which I try to avoid.

   
   void main() {
     IntegrationTestWidgetsFlutterBinding.ensureInitialized();
   
     group('end-to-end test', () {
       testWidgets('tap on the floating action button, verify counter',
           (tester) async {
         // Load app widget.
         await tester.pumpWidget(const MyApp());
   
         // Verify the counter starts at 0.
         expect(find.text('0'), findsOneWidget);
   
         // Finds the floating action button to tap on.
         final fab = find.byKey(const Key('increment'));
   
         // Emulate a tap on the floating action button.
         await tester.tap(fab);
   
         // Trigger a frame.
         await tester.pumpAndSettle();
   
         // Verify the counter increments by 1.
         expect(find.text('1'), findsOneWidget);
       });
     });
   }
   ```

This example goes through three steps:

1. Initialize `IntegrationTestWidgetsFlutterBinding`.
   This singleton service executes tests on a physical device.

2. Interact and test widgets using the `WidgetTester` class.

3. Test the important scenarios.

## Run integration tests

The integration tests that run vary depending on the platform on which you test.

> You can test against a mobile platform or the web.

Author: I checked this with @cbracken . The answer was "not at this time".

> You can test against a mobile platform or the web.

Reviewer 2: sgtm

To test in a web browser, perform the following steps.

Next, create a new directory named `test_driver` containing a new file
named `integration_test.dart`:
1. [Download ChromeDriver][].

<?code-excerpt "test_driver/integration_test.dart"?>
```dart
import 'package:integration_test/integration_test_driver.dart';
1. Create a new directory named `test_driver`.

Future<void> main() => integrationDriver();
```
   ```console
   $ mkdir test_driver
   ```

Launch `chromedriver` as follows: 
1. In this directory, create a new file named `integration_test.dart`.

```console
$ chromedriver --port=4444
```
1. Copy the following code and paste it into your `integration_test.dart` file.

From the root of the project, run the following command:
   <?code-excerpt "test_driver/integration_test.dart"?>
   ```dart title="test_driver/integration_test.dart"
   import 'package:integration_test/integration_test_driver.dart';
   
   Future<void> main() => integrationDriver();
   ```

```console
$ flutter drive \
  --driver=test_driver/integration_test.dart \
  --target=integration_test/app_test.dart \
  -d chrome
```
1. Launch `chromedriver` as follows:

> For a headless testing experience, you can also run `flutter drive` 

Author: It's been moved. See [lines 295-303](https://github.com/flutter/website/pull/10433/files#diff-ef101e9ce6b54e941206142bf282b719367c379e4cad53f3e55fb8f113989ca2R295-R303).

determine which browser you want to test against
and download the corresponding web driver:

* Chrome: Download [ChromeDriver][]
* Firefox: [Download GeckoDriver][]
* Safari: Safari can only be tested on a Mac;
  the SafariDriver is already installed on Mac machines.
* Edge [Download EdgeDriver][]
{% endcomment -%}

To test in a web browser, perform the following steps.

> 1. Install [ChromeDriver][] into the directory of your choice.

Author: Normally, I would agree, but _there are no instructions_. The original link points to a set of zip downloads. Node is not required, but the install process is a lot easier using Node. There was a separate Google blog post on using `npx` to install Chrome for Testing, and it worked for this, too.
